Hey, good morning family. How are y'all
doing today? I'm going to do a video
on
some things that are on my heart
that I've been praying over.
We are really close to the
Fourth of July weekend,
basically next weekend, and
I am
interceding for protection for your
families and for where you're at,
watching your surroundings. The
Lord just had it on my heart again to
pray
that there are no
terrorist activities during this
timeframe.
Like I said, it was heavy on
me last night, and I was interceding for
the nation and for people's
safety in general at public
gatherings and things like that.
I made a video a while back
about praying for your children when
they go back to school and making a
bloodline of protection for them
so that
no
calamity would come nigh them when they
go to school or wherever. I'm
going to play that video again here in a
couple of seconds if you want to watch
it.
I'm not
used to filming in the car, but
making a public hedge of
protection over your churches and praying
over
places that you're
going... this is
a very serious
time, a time that we need to be very
vigilant and watchful of where we are at
all times. If the Lord speaks to you,
a lot of times people say, 'Well, I don't
hear the voice of the Lord.'This is where
I would go: if you don't have
peace, then don't go. If you feel
tormented or bothered,
the Lord is not a God
of torment, but he is a God of warning,
and he warns us in our spirits. He would
say, 'I don't want you to go to that
place,'and
you have to listen. You have to
be sensitive to the Spirit of God every
single day regarding where you're supposed to
be—the
grocery store, the
gas station, whatever. He may say, 'Don't go
down that street right there that you're
fixing to go down; go down the next one.'You
might not
understand
why, but just follow the voice and
leading of the Spirit of God inside of
you at all times. It may not make
sense to you; it doesn't have to. A lot of
times when I'm listening to the Lord,
it's just blind obedience: 'Yes,
Lord, I will do what you've
asked me to
do.'That's
where we have to
be in these last days, just trusting
confidently in the finished work of the
Lord and knowing that he's going to
protect us. He said that he
would send his angels to bear us up lest
we dash our foot against a stone.
We claim Psalm 91 and Psalm 23,
and we believe by faith
that no weapon
formed against you or your family would
prosper. That's where I go every
single day. I plead the blood of Jesus
for
protection and I say, 'Lord, I thank you
that you said in your word that you
would protect my wife, my children,
and my loved ones, that you
have a hedge of protection around
and about us, that your angels keep
charge over us and they will bear us up
in their hands lest we dash our foot
against a
stone.'Now,
I believe I receive your
divine protection over me, my wife,
and my kids today. I thank you, Lord,
that I will hear your voice and
a stranger's voice we will not follow. I
will not be tormented by a demonic
spirit; I will not be tormented by
forebodings
because sometimes a spirit of forebodings
comes
because we hear so much in
the news
or
on
social
media, and all of a sudden you will
start to meditate on the wrong thing.
Because you're thinking on the
wrong thing, you'll start feeling
something inside; what you feel is your
spirit, but a lot of times it's just
flesh—it's
just fear. We have to
decipher between the Spirit of God
leading us versus our flesh being in
fear. That is growing in maturity as a believer. I believe a lot of
times the Lord will
lead you in peace that
passes all understanding.
It's an
inward knowing: 'I do not need to go there;
I need to go to this other
store.'I
feel like
it's important in these days to really
emphasize the importance of
listening to the voice of the Lord
and
being at the right place at
the right time. I say that all the time:
I'm always in the right place at the
right time.
I will hear my Father's
voice and I will
not hear a stranger's voice.
Father,
I thank you
that
you are our God, and
as for me and my house, we will
serve the Lord. That's where you have
to be with that bulldog faith.
I'm praying for protection
for the Fourth of July and
for
Donald, that he
would be sheltered and protected, that
no calamity comes nigh him. I pray that the
enemy's plans would not
bear any fruit;
they will not bear fruit in what
they have planned to try to take his
life. He will always be
protected and
fulfill what God has called him to do.
We will have godly leadership back
in our nation—people that will lead
and take the United States to where it
needs to be in these end times.
I
want to encourage you all
today: don't give up on what you're
believing for. Believe God for
the impossible. Believe
for supernatural increase in
your life. My wife and I pray for
peace over your homes and marriages and
for supernatural increase
in
your finances. We believe in the power of
sowing and reaping.
We believe
that God is not mocked;
whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also
reap. When you
sow
in good soil, you'll reap back thirty, sixty, and a hundredfold. We were tithers, but we used to be 'tippers'—giving sporadically. We saw some
increase,
but we never saw real increase until we
started
tithing on a regular basis.
We started
working for a
church where it was required by
being on staff.
If the pastor there hadn't
forced
us, we
never would have been where the
Lord has taken us now. Believing for
creative ideas to get
wealth and believing that God,
in
Malachi, rebukes the devourer for our
sake—that
was sown deep
inside of
us. We worked there for 13 years, so
for 13 years we tithed regularly,
and it
changed our
lives.
If I didn't
learn anything else there, I learned to
tithe.
When you give God that ten
percent,
and that offering above it, I've learned
that it is a supernatural covenant.
It's
a transfer of saying, 'God, I trust
you with my
finances
and
my
life.'I
want
his perfect will
for me and my
family.
I've rambled
on enough, but I wanted to tell
you all to be watchful of your
surroundings
and
listen
to him, praying a
hedge of protection over you and your
children. I'm going to take you
now to this other video
where
you'll see me driving around,
showing
how I would pray over schools
and
churches.
It's an older
video, but the message
is still powerful.
God bless you
all.
Hey, good morning everybody.
I'm going to take you to a school. The
Lord spoke to me and told me to tell you
all to pray for your kids.
We're coming into a very dark
season, and while there's going to be
light and
revival,
you can either focus on the darkness or
the light.
If I were putting my
kids in public school, this is what I
would do.
I homeschool
our children; they do BJU,
which
is an amazing
Christian
homeschool program.
We're going to film
the school now. If my
little boy or girl were going
to school, I would drive around
the
school
and
say, 'Father, I just cover
this school in the blood of Jesus. I
thank you that no weapon formed
against this school will
prosper.'I'm
going to drive around
the block where the
school is. Father, we cover the school
and the teachers
in the blood.
If there are any plots
or any kind of
witchcraft
trying to come against them,
we
bind the demonic maneuvering of the
spirits that would try
to hurt my children. I
plead the blood of Jesus over them right
now. I would sit
in the parking lot and
say,
'I send
my angels out from the north, south,
east, and west over this school,
and I thank you, Lord, that your
angels are protecting
them.'I
thank you
that they are the salt
and
the light in this school, and that
they excel above every other
student.
I thank you that my child has
A's and is on the A-B honor roll. I pray over
their minds that they would excel and
have more knowledge. I thank
you, Lord,
for
the
anointing on them to prosper. I
put a
bloodline around this school
and
thank you
for
the teachers. I thank you
that you put my child in a good
classroom
where
they're not being taught ungodly things.
I
would go at least
once a week and
pray over my child. If you can walk
around the school, do
a Jericho march
and
cover that child
the
school
in
the blood. No weapon formed
against them shall prosper; every
tongue that rises against them would be
condemned.
You
can take authority over the school where
your child is and pray a hedge of
blood around
it.
We
wrestle not against flesh and blood, but
against principalities and powers.
You
need to
cover your
child in the blood so they find
godly friends.
My pastor always said, 'I'll be able
to see where you go in your future by
who you hang around.'If you're hanging
around a five-by-five, you need to hang around a
ten-by-ten.
Sometimes
we have to make our circle smaller
and leave behind some of the people
that have been influencing us.
I hang out with my wife,
my kids, and
the Holy Ghost. If you have a
daughter in junior high
or
a son in high school,
go and start covering
the
school.
Claim the school for Jesus.
You
don't have to let the devil
ramrod
things down
your
throat.
Anoint
your children
with oil
before they
go to school
and
read
Psalm
over them.
Teach
your
children their authority and who they
are in
Christ—that
they
have power and dominion
over the devil.
Put the bloodline on their forehead.
When flu season starts,
we take our 'spiritual flu
shots'through
the
bloodline
and
communion.
No sickness or disease comes
nigh
you.
We plead
the blood of Jesus over our home.
There's a man that's very wealthy, a
billionaire,
in this town
who
knows about what's
coming.
He has his own private jet
and
flies in and out.
He has started
buying
up all the
major places to get them ready for the
end times because the Lord told him
people were coming to this town for the
revival.
He's
bought a lot of buildings
in this town,
including
an old boys'home that he renovated for the outpouring. It's
full
of
antiques,
and
it's
actually really cool.
God is good. Thank you
for subscribing to my YouTube channel.
Jesus Christ
is coming, and
you can walk
in authority and power.
Put a
smile on your face and a song in your
heart. Jesus loves you, and I love
you.
Bye-bye.